“The castle is haunted by several apparitions.  This is hardly surprising given its history of conflict and the fact that there has been some sort of fortification on castle rock since prehistory.
John Graham of Claverhouse is said to haunt the castle.  He was known as ‘Bloody Clavers’ because of his ruthless persecution of Covenanters in the 17th century – along with his accomplice ‘Bloody’ George Mackenzie. 
When James II of Scotland was deposed, Claverhouse made a momentous about-turn and raised a Catholic highland army to fight for his king.  He was killed leading a magnificent highland charge at the battle of Killiekrankie in 1689 and, “because of this, is better known in Scots lore as ‘Bonny’ Dundee.  He was first seen in the castle on the night of his death by Lord Balcarres, who was in charge of the castle’s Jacobite prisoners, and has appeared periodically from then on.
That same year the Duke of Gordon, governor of the Castle, stabbed his steward for bringing news of his family’s death.  The unfortunate man now wanders the walls.  Some employees are just impossible to get rid of.
The castle, it seems, is afflicted by all sorts of military themed spooks.  Phantom drumming was first heard in 1650 and the castle was taken by Oliver Cromwell’s forces soon after – leading to the “idea that this was a portent for disaster.  In later sightings the drummer is sometimes invisible, sometimes headless and was last reported in the 1960s.  The ramparts also boast ghostly bagpiping and the invisible marching of massed men.  The dungeons are said to be plagued by the ghosts of prisoners held during the Napoleonic Wars and blue orbs have been captured on film.
The castle is also haunted by Janet Douglas, Lady Glamis.  A member of the Douglas family, long distrusted by the Stuart kings, she was accused of witchcraft on a trumped up charge and burned at the stake in 1537 in front of her husband and son.   A busy ghost, she also manages to find “time to haunt Glamis Castle in Angus.”

Excerpt From: Jan-Andrew Henderson. “The City of the Dead.” iBooks.